docs(v2.0): add release notes for NTP subchart, REST DB consolidation, and NVSwitch cred rotation (#3631)
NVIDIA/bare-metal-manager-core: docs/getting-started/quick-start.md

MetalLB provides LoadBalancer IPs for NICo Core services (nico-api, DHCP, DNS, PXE, SSH console). Without it, those services stay in `<pending>` state and the site is unreachable.

<Note>

> NICo ships a built-in NTP service (`nico-ntp`) — a 3-replica chrony StatefulSet where each replica gets its own MetalLB VIP. Assign three VIPs from your internal pool via `nico-ntp.externalService.perPodAnnotations` and set `nico-dhcp.config.kea.hookParameters.ntpServer` to those same VIPs (comma-separated) so DPUs receive them over DHCP. Enterprise NTP server IPs in `siteConfig.ntp_servers` continue to be used for BMC pre-ingestion time sync independently of `nico-ntp`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NICo includes a built-in NTP service (`nico-ntp`). This is a 3-replica chrony StatefulSet where each replica gets its own MetalLB VIP.

To use the service, assign three VIPs from your internal pool via `nico-ntp.externalService.perPodAnnotations` and set `nico-dhcp.config.kea.hookParameters.ntpServer` to a comma-separated list of those same VIPs so DPUs receive them over DHCP. Enterprise NTP server IPs in `siteConfig.ntp_servers` continue to be used for BMC pre-ingestion time sync independently of `nico-ntp`.
```

Author: Applied, thanks — kept the DHCP/VIP usage guidance as a second paragraph.

MetalLB provides LoadBalancer IPs for NICo Core services (nico-api, DHCP, DNS, PXE, SSH console). Without it, those services stay in `<pending>` state and the site is unreachable.

<Note>
NICo includes a built-in NTP service (`nico-ntp`). This is a 3-replica chrony StatefulSet where each replica gets its own MetalLB VIP.

> To use the service, assign three VIPs from your internal pool via `nico-ntp.externalService.perPodAnnotations` and set `nico-dhcp.config.kea.hookParameters.ntpServer` to a comma-separated list of those same VIPs so DPUs receive them over DHCP. Enterprise NTP server IPs in `siteConfig.ntp_servers` continue to be used for BMC pre-ingestion time sync independently of `nico-ntp`.

Author: Done in 4fdc450b7 — the quick-start note now leads with `nico-ntp.externalService.enabled: true` before the VIP annotations.
